Hey, Mr. Second Brother, please stay
Yes, I really want to do business with you.
If he doesn't respect me
I can't talk to someone like that
As far as I know
Mr. Second's project lost money in the year
And deep in debt
You leave here today
Your factory must have
If you want to bury my armory factory
I want a gold building
Sure. But I have a request.
All technologies must be sold
That's impossible.
My skills won't be buried by yellow-skinned monkeys
Then we have nothing to talk about.
Please code
How about this?
I can buy you a weapon
A little discount on the price.
I'm not interested.
Your weapons are not the latest
I don't need it.
I just lack Wugang
If I live enough Wugang
It must be able to create the most advanced weapons
If I could give you enough Wugang
You hahahaha
Obviously
You don't even know what martial arts are
I'm not interested in knowing
But I can give you
I don't like jokes.
As a noble race
My willingness to make suggestions is enough
You might as well think about it.
You didn't have a better choice.
That is, we are not qualified to become Huang Zhongren, right?
Okay
Oh buy kah
So many complaints
How can you use so many accusations?
I don't have to tell you.
You just need to know that I have countless
That's not a statement.